[doc] add "Failed to infer device type" to faq (#14200)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/getting_started/troubleshooting.md

But you are sure that the model is in the [list of supported models](#supported-models), there may be some issue with vLLM's model resolution. In that case, please follow [these steps](#model-resolution) to explicitly specify the vLLM implementation for the model.

## Failed to infer device type

> If you see an error like `RuntimeError: Failed to infer device type`, it means that vLLM failed to infer the device type of the runtime environment. You can check [the code](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/main/vllm/platforms/__init__.py) to see how vLLM infers the device type and why it is not working as expected. After [this PR](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/14195), you can also set the environment variable `VLLM_LOGGING_LEVEL=DEBUG` to see more detailed logs to help debug the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see an error like `RuntimeError: Failed to infer device type`, it means that vLLM failed to infer the device type of the runtime environment. You can check [the code](gh-file:vllm/platforms/__init__.py) to see how vLLM infers the device type and why it is not working as expected. After [this PR](gh-pr:14195), you can also set the environment variable `VLLM_LOGGING_LEVEL=DEBUG` to see more detailed logs to help debug the issue.
```

I am outside right now so not 100% sure about the link format, please double check.

Author: fixed in [4b47a9b](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/14200/commits/4b47a9b58c9f0b063eaa84575a2cc11365d61267)
